Polish release checklist (#44)
gmt-china/china-geospatial-data: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

---

**Release**: vX.Y.Z

**Before release**:
- [ ] Document all the important changes in Changelog.md
- [ ] Set the release date in Changelog.md
- [ ] Set the current release version and date in README.md

**Release**:

> - [ ] Document all the important changes at the GitHub release page

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Set the tag version to vX.Y.Z
- [ ] Document all the important changes on the GitHub release page
```
